abduttrice: should be fsg
abduttori: should be mpl
accettrice: should be fsg
accettori: should be mpl
adattatrice: should be fsg
adattatori: should be mpl
agoniste: should be fpl
allerte: delete
anfetaminicoi: delete
anfetaminichi: delete
anti-europea: delete
anti-europei: delete
antirollia: delete
antirollii: delete
antirollie: delete
ascenti: delete
astrometrici: should be mpl
astrometrica: should be fsg
attivatrice: should be fsg
attivatori: should be mpl
barbaresci: delete
bernesii: delete
bioinformatici: should be mpl
bioinformatica: should be fsg
cameristici: should be mpl
cameristica: should be fsg
catturatori: should be mpl
catturatrice: should be fsg
caudilliste: should be fpl
caudillisti: should be mpl
centoquarantosettesimi: delete
centosettantosettesimi: delete
chioccie: delete
coimpitati: delete
collettiviste: should be fpl
collettivisti: should be mpl
copiatori: should be mpl
copiatrice: should be fsg
deceleratori: should be mpl
deceleratrice: should be fsg
decolanti: delete
depuratrice: should be fsg
depuratori: should be mpl
dinastica: should be fsg
dinastici: should be mpl
disincrostari: delete
eccitatori: should be mpl
eccitatrice: should be fsg
effettori: should be mpl
effettrice: should be fsg
formatori: should be mpl
formatrice: should be fsg
fotogeneratori: should be mpl
fotogeneratrice: should be fsg
gaginesche: should be fpl
gagineschi: should be mpl
greggie: delete
hascemite: should be fpl
hascemiti: should be mpl
identificatori: should be mpl
identificatrice: should be fsg
impollinatori: should be mpl
impollinatrice: should be fsg
impositori: should be mpl
impositrice: should be fsg
inflccidita: delete
inflcciditi: delete
inflccidite: delete
ingaglardita: delete
ingaglarditi: delete
ingaglardite: delete
ippotranata: delete
ippotranati: delete
ippotranate: delete
írrito: delete
largheggiatori: should be mpl
largheggiatrice: should be fsg
latifloglia: delete
latifloglie: delete
legalisti: should be mpl
legaliste: should be fpl
leucopoietici: should be mpl
leucopoietica: should be fsg
lubrificatore: mpl only
malefichi: delete
mareomotori: should be mpl
mareomotrice: should be fsg
marinareschi: should be mpl
marinaresca: should be fsg
mariste: should be fpl
masticatori: mpl only
mendica: should be fsg
mendichi: should be mpl
meridionaliste: should be fpl
meridionalisti: should be mpl
mesogee: should be fpl
mesogei: should be mpl
nazionalsocialiste: fpl only
notaiesche: should be fpl
notaieschi: should be mpl
notaresche: should be fpl
notareschi: should be mpl
ortologhe: should be fpl
ortologhi: should be mpl
ostruzioniste: should be fpl
ostruzionisti: should be mpl
ovulatoria: should be fsg
ovulatori: should be mpl
pauliste: should be fpl
paulisti: should be mpl
perturbatori: should be mpl
perturbatrice: should be fsg
polarimetrici: should be mpl
polarimetrica: should be fsg
pragmatici: should be mpl
pragmatica: should be fsg
premonitori: should be mpl
premonitrice: should be fsg
preovulatoria: should be fsg
preovulatori: should be mpl
preteschi: should be mpl
pretesche: should be fpl
prevaricatori: should be mpl
prevaricatrice: should be fsg
punitori: should be mpl
punitrice: should be fsg
qualsiana: delete
qualsisiana: delete
reggitori: should be mpl
reggitrice: should be fsg
risonatrice: should be fsg
risonatori: should be mpl
romancie: delete
sataniste: should be fpl
satanisti: should be mpl
scrutatori: should be mpl
scrutatrice: should be fsg
semiparassiti: should be mpl
semiparassite: should be fpl
spreconi: should be mpl
sprecona: should be fsg
stabilizzabti: delete
sufite: should be fpl
sufiti: should be mpl
timidoni: should be mpl
timidona: should be fsg
trasportatrice: should be fsg
trasportatori: should be mpl
umoresche: should be fpl
umoreschi: should be mpl
vasocostrittori: should be mpl
vasocostrittrice: should be fsg
vivisettoti: delete
burrachi: delete
fìsico: delete
mesozoico: hiatus?
odontalgichi: delete
ossetichi: delete
patrionimichi: delete
viceolimpionichi: delete
voltastomaci: delete
